
# Daily Note - 2026-06-03
Revisiting and Resuming Obsidian Vault

## Tempire Focus
- Main goal today: Nothing much done in Tempire since about 2 weeks. I've built and shipped an 89% complete app (according to my standards). I set out to build and complete a project, and i did, but a project is never complete and that's where Tempire is rn. I'm still thinking about the UI/UX part of the project, mainly the UI. It's just a dark mode look now, looks good still, but i'm not proud of it.
## What I Did
- I vistied `https://tempire.xyz/` from my iphone. It looked good, with the dark ui i started with. But it still had some issues worth noting in the redirection, app flow, and overall ui.

## Key Learnings / Insights
- Some of the 'Back to Dashboard' or 'Back to Marketplace' buttons/links took me back to the landing page instead of the page that was mentioned on the link
- I never completed the hamburger menu the way i wanted, even though it's functional rn. I wanted a streamlined menu like the `awwwards.com` site's hamburger  menu. I got something similar, but not perfect. The categories have a number counter that displays high mock number still instead of the real amount of products in that category
- I would like to add a theme toggle to Tempire and make it not look weird and high-contrasty like my previous attempts (that I never pushed).
- I stilll have not yet figured out how to get Antigravity to build some dope UI/UX with all the skills and `DESIGN.md` files and tools I have available. I learnt that it has to do with what I say in my prompts and how I say them.
- I have to figure out my next steps for UI/UX awesomeness, not just for Tempire, but for future projects too. Grok says it's in the prompts; I'll tell me agent what tool to use and how to use it. Making prompts like: "Act as a pro UI/UX designer. Design this to look like this, and feel like this. Make this have this and not that generic AI slop look..."
- Sometimes I feel like the agentic stack brain I added and boasted about isn't functioning properly, as I shouldn't be repeating my self all the time. Perhaps I haven't streamlined my workflow up to the level I thought I had
## Inbox Items to Process
- [[X World Cup Clipping Post]]

## Next Actions
- Complete my vault build this midnight and have it functional by daybreak, or at least before my PC dies

## Links
[https://x.com/romeo_onchain/status/2061815443904426183]
[https://tempire.xyz/]
