I already extracted components from my portfolio [Venmarc Studio](https://venmarcstudio.xyz), and [Fin](https://www.fin.com)and they are stored in [[Effects_Glossary]].
My next targets are:
- [Lama Lama](https://lamalama.com/), a creative digital agency based in the Netherlands, and their site is DOOOOOPPPPPEEEEE!!!
	- They have this grainy trail that follows the cursor and it's natural almost, not slow. The trails slowly disappears in about 1000ms
	- They have images are affected by the movement of the cursor and that grainy trail. When clicked, the grain spreads across the image from the click area, and the image returns to normal afterwards
- [Antigravity](https://antigravity.google), Google antigravity website, displaying all their antigravity agentic software. From the CLI I normally use to the new Antigravity 2.0. What I like about the site:
	- The living-organism-like swarm of particles that follow ur cursor, yet look and behave like they have a mind of their own. They have various colors like drones in a drone show. The colors are usually bluer/darker on the part of the swarm with the most particles involved, and oranger/lighter/skinnier of the part with fewer particles around. It's like a causation=correlation type of thing (dunno if i'm using that correctly). As the particles are swarming toward a particular area/region, somehow they know there will be more particles in that area, so their colors gently turn blue and that area becomes crowded. Inversely, the area they are living has lesser particles, leading them to turn to orange as they know there are fewer particles around them. I understand my wording is making it seems like they are sentient particles, but that's what they behave like. I dunno how else to describe em except through a video, and that's overboard, so playwright is better rn. I'll have u know that the particles on their own, during page load/no mouse interaction yet, are actively moving about within a specific region, doing what I just described above, changing area of concentration without the mouse interaction.
	- I like how the texts write in as u scroll into that page section. They also have a blinking cursor, wrapped in google brand colors, that stands after the last text or before teh writing in begins.
	